[PARTI-542] Autocomplete UI Library: Handle permissions on protected branches and implement `npm version` already existing logic (#103)
Constructor-io/constructorio-ui-autocomplete: README.md

npm run lint            # run linter
```

## Publishing new versions

> Dispatch the [Publish](https://github.com/Constructor-io/constructorio-ui-autocomplete/actions/workflows/publish.yml) workflow in GitHub Actions. You're required to provide two required arguments:

Author: Nice catch! Typical copilot mistake 🤦 

194cee5f2d9f8c0b07a1e48245e9231ea4129291 Done ✅

npm run build-storybook   # generate storybook static bundle for deploy with GH Pages
```

## Publishing new versions

Dispatch the [Publish](https://github.com/Constructor-io/constructorio-ui-autocomplete/actions/workflows/publish.yml) workflow in GitHub Actions. You're required to provide two required arguments:
- **Version Strategy**: `major`, `minor`, or `patch`.
- **Title**: A title for the release.

This workflow will automatically:
1. Bump the library version using the provided strategy.
2. Create a new git tag.
3. Create a new GitHub release.
4. Compile the library.
5. Publish the new version to NPM.

> 6. Report the progress on the [#integrations-os-ui-deployment-notifications](https://constructor.slack.com/archives/C061D3CFVR9) Slack channel.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** The repo is public, so let's remove the slack channel name

```suggestion
6. Report the progress on the [relevant Slack channel](https://constructor.slack.com/archives/C061D3CFVR9).
```

Author: That's right! Nice catch!
